# terminal-integration
Experiments in POS and ATM integration

# ATM Initiated Cash-Out

Firstly, customer will have to generate OTP through mobile application for desired ATM Initiated Cash-out amount. This OTP will be sent to customer’s mobile number.  
  In this PoC, we would make use of the FSP simulator for the same purpose. FSP Sim will be used as the Payee and Payer FSP.
 OTP generating endpoints will be developed on the simulator for OTP generation and validation. As the first step for the PoC, we would start with establishing connections from the ATM driver and the POS driver to the FSP simulator. The NDC/ISO to Open API conversion will be handled on the ATM/POS drivers.
 
 # Transaction flow
  
•Customer generates an OTP before initiating the transaction request from ATM.
•The customer initiates withdrawal transaction on the ATM by entering their account ID and amount. 
•	Pre-generated OTP should be entered.
•	Cash Out Request will be generated by ATM Driver in NDC protocol. This will be converted to OPEN API call and will be sent to Mojaloop.
•	Mojaloop will perform Account lookup and the request will be sent to Payer FSP for the validity of OTP and authentication.
•	Payer FSP will authenticate the OTP. 
o	If successful, the customer’s account will be debited, and the ATM account maintained by Payee FSP will be credited.
•	Payer FSP will send response back to Mojaloop.
•	Response will be received by ATM Driver in OPEN API. This will be converted to ISO and is sent to ATM.
•	ATM will perform the actions as mentioned by the message. (Dispense and Print etc.)

# Merchant-Initiated Merchant Payment Authorized on POS

# Transaction flow

•	Customer requests for an OTP ( pre-generate OTP using mobile app/CMS)
•	Merchant will initiate payment for the desired amount and Customer ID through POS device.
•	The request will be converted from ISO to OPEN API and will be sent to Mojaloop. From there account lookup will be done and the request will be send to Payer FSP for authorization.
•	The Payer FSP will authorize the transaction with dynamic OTP (or QR Code) which is generated through mobile application and entered by the customer.
•	If Payer FSP authorizes the transaction, funds will be sent to Merchant (Payee) FSP. If Payer FSP declines, the transaction will be aborted. 
•	Response will be sent back to POS driver through Mojaloop in OPEN API. It will be converted to ISO(POS) and will send the response to POS.
•	Notification will be sent to Payer and Payee from respective FSP’s.

 ## Simulator Endpoints
As a part of the terminal integration project, we will be making use of the FSP simulator, to function as the Payer and Payee FSP as per the use cases. 
In order to cater this functionality, three new endpoints will be implemented on the simulator as below:
•	OTP Endpoint
•	ATM Endpoint
•	POS Endpoint

### OTP Endpoint
The OTP Endpoint will be responsible for the handling of OTP requests from the Payer source. Upon receipt of an OTP request, the endpoint will generate the OTP and respond through the same channel.

### ATM Endpoint
ATM Endpoint will be responsible for the handling and processing of transactions originating from ATM devices. The transactions in ISO/NDC/DDC formats will be converted to Open API and processed through the simulator.

### POS Endpoint
The POS Endpoint is implemented to handle and process transactions originating from POS and mPOS devices. Similar to the ATM Endpoint, the transactions from POS devices in the ISO format will be processed by the endpoint through the simulator.

